# **ReadMe** #
-------------------------

The src folder contains 2 files:
### 1. **learn.py** ###
       
    Takes 2 command line arguments:
              a. Model File name to be generated.
              b. Path to MegaM binary.

### 2. **correct.py** ###

    Takes 3 command line arguments:
              a. Model File generated by learn.
              b. Test File
              c. Path to MegaM binary.
    


They are to be executed as follows:

## **Execution:** ##
------------------------------

1. ### **learn.py** ###

     python3 learn.py <model_file_path> <path_to_MegaM_binary> 




2. ### **correct.py** ###

     python3 correct.py <model_file_path> <test_file> <path_to_MegaM_binary> 


## **Program Logic:** ##
--------------------------------------

1. The two files use a classifier based approach for Text Correction task.

2. Each input line is broken into a feature consists of the following components around a current word in the line:
     a. 2 Previous Words and their respective POS tags.
     b. 2 Next Words and their respective POS tags.
     c. Label for the feature is the current word.
The current word in the line is only one of the words specified to be tested for as specified by the HW description.

A Similar approach is followed for generating features for the Test_File but with the feature labels being the word "test" in agreement to the MegaM feature requirements.

3. The feature thus generated are given to MegaM the t is used in the multitron mode to make predictions with the "-nc" option for Named Classes.

4. The output of the MegaM is the predicted correct word according to the model learnt and this prediction is then re-integrated in to the actual test string. The re-constructed string is printed to STDOUT.

## **Accuracy:** ##
-----------------------------

An accuracy of about 93% is obtained.